
japanesegrove_A0=Puiestik
japanesegrove_B0=Puiestik
japanesegrove_C0=Puiestik
japanesepeasanth_A0=Taluniku maja
japanesepeasanth_B0=Taluniku maja
japanesepeasanth_C0=Taluniku maja
japaneselmh_A0=Puuraiduri maja
japanesepaddy_A0=Riisipõld
japanesepalace_A0=Keisrli kontor
japaneseforge_A0=Sepp
japanesefishery_A0=Kalatiik
japanesefishery_B0=Kalatiik
japanesefishery_C0=Kalatiik
japanesefishery_A1=Kalapüügikoht
japanesefishery_B1=Kalapüügikoht
japanesefishery_C1=Kalapüügikoht
japanesesamuraih_A0=Valvuri maja
japanesesamuraih_B0=Valvuri maja
japanesequarry_A0=Kaevandus
japanesequarry_B0=Kaevandus
japanesearchive_A0=Arhiiv
japanesearchive_B0=Arhiiv
japanesepagoda_A0=Pagoda
japanesepagoda_B0=Pagoda
japaneseshintoshrine_A0=Torii värav
japanesefarm_A0=Nisu farm
japanesefarm_B0=Nisu farm
japanesefarmbig_A0=Farmi maja
japanesefarmbig_B0=Farmi maja
japanesecrafter_A0=Crafting House
japanesecrafter_B0=Crafting House
japanesefort_A0=Kindlus
japaneseplot1_A0=Väike ala
japaneseplot2_A0=Keskmine ala
japaneseplot3_A0=Suur ala
japanesehut_A0=Väike onn
japanesehouse_A0=Keskmine maja
japaneselookout_A0=Vaatetorn
japaneselookout_B0=Vaatetorn
japanesezen_A0=Tiik
japanesekitchen_A0=Köök
japanesekitchen_B0=Köök
japaneseplayerpalace_A0=Mängija palee
japaneseinn_A0=Kõrts
japanesemarket_A0=Turg
japanesearcheryrange_A0=Vibulasketiir
bath_A0=Kümblus maja

japaneseoutpost_A0=Jaapanlaste valvetorn
japanesearmyforge_A0=Armee sepp
lonebuddha_A0=Buddha kuju
bandit_cave_A0=Bandiitide koobas
kufun_tomb_A0=Kufuni haud
kufun_tomb_B0=Kufuni haud
woods_shrine_A0=Puidu pühamu
lonemine_A0=Üksildane jaapanlaste kaevandus
banditfort_A0=Bantiitide kindlus